Dinosaurchestra, Dinosaurchestra, Dinosaurchestra
We can't return to present
(Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh)
This may be less than pleasant
What's that rock way up in the sky?
That's our friend, Super Duper Meteor!
Does this mean we're all gonna die?
Shook my Magic 8-Ball, and it said
"As a powerful and complex computer of near omniscience
I can report with total confidence
After a careful .3 seconds calculating a whole world of probability and statistics
That yes, we are all gonna die"
Dinosaurchestra, Dinosaurchestra, Dinosaurchestra
We'll all be blown up real soon
(Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh)
But not before we're in tune
Won't you be a good dinosaur?
We must be before we're not
Treat these creatures to an encore
One last time is all we've got
So, let's rock out in a Dinosaurchestra!
And let's all shout in a Dinosaurchestra!
Let's have fun in a Dinosaurchestra!
One last time before we have to...
Dinosaurchestra, Dinosaurchestra, Dinosaurchestra
(Before we have to die!)
(Before we have to die in a super-colossal explosion)
(And all become fossils for people to dig up some day!)
Dinosaurchestra, Dinosaurchestra, Dinosaurchestra
Dinosaur punk
Dinosaur rap
Dinosaur ska
Dinosaur country
Dinosaur blues
Dinosaur jazz
Dinosaur techno
Dinosaur pop
Dinosaur soul
Dinosaur rock
Dinosaur!
Dinosaurchestra, Dinosaurchestra, Dinosaurchestra